README.md, before:

# Testimonial Slider

## Description

This is a challenge provided by [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/). And this is one of the many solutions availables. If you want to see any other solution, please refreer to the official website.

Since this is just a sample, I think there are no contributions to do here, and I think I won't update this unless find new interesting things for animations or to improve the JS code.

If you want to place a comment on the code, please feel free to do it, feedback is always welcome 😉 but I encourage you to try to do this challenge by your own, trust me, it's very helpful and teaches you a couple of things.

Also, you can fork this repo if you find it useful, but it's better to start from the scratch, either way, do it whatever make you feel more comfortable.

## Live Site

If you want to take a look at the site, go to [https://testimonials-slider-lemon.now.sh/](https://testimonials-slider-lemon.now.sh/)

Also, I encourage you to take a look a the [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) website is an awesome tools to host your static websites at no cost and have wonderful integration with Github repositories.

Commit message:

Add Solution thinking section in the README file.

README.md, after:

# Testimonial Slider

## Description

This is a challenge provided by [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/). And this is one of the many solutions availables. If you want to see any other solution, please refreer to the official website.

Since this is just a sample, I think there are no contributions to do here, and I think I won't update this unless find new interesting things for animations or to improve the JS code.

If you want to place a comment on the code, please feel free to do it, feedback is always welcome 😉 but I encourage you to try to do this challenge by your own, trust me, it's very helpful and teaches you a couple of things.

Also, you can fork this repo if you find it useful, but it's better to start from the scratch, either way, do it whatever make you feel more comfortable.

## Solution thinking

I'm going to try to explain how I get to my solution here, breaking down into HTML, CSS and Javascript by it's own. Just in case anyone would find this helpful. One of my toughest challenge was try to figure out the structure of the HTML markup, I belive that if you have a very strong markup on your HTML file you'll find easier to style the site, so, here I go.

### HTML

One of the most common things that I found difficult is how to name the classes in HTML and also how to structure the markup itself. So for the first part, I had to take a look at the BEM (Block, Element, Modifier) methodology (if you want to know more about it, you can go to this [site](https://en.bem.info/methodology/) where you can see what is this about and how you can implement it).

That already gave me the basics for how to name my classes in my document, like `slider__item` , `slider__control` , `control--next` , `slider__image` and so on. Now that I knew how to name my classes, still doesn't know how to organize the tags in HTML. One common thing you'll read/hear when you're new into programming is that you can learn a lot if you see anyone else's code. So, for this particular reason, I went for something that I already knew, a popular framework like [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/).

I don't intended to use it everything on it, I just want to see the implementation, look at the code and try to understan how and why they did it in that way. Once I had that, gave me the idea to structure properly my file.

## Live Site

If you want to take a look at the site, go to [https://testimonials-slider-lemon.now.sh/](https://testimonials-slider-lemon.now.sh/)

Also, I encourage you to take a look a the [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) website is an awesome tools to host your static websites at no cost and have wonderful integration with Github repositories.
